Italy embark on an adventure to the
world's most exquisite destination
a place of preserved history
incomparable beauty and unparalleled
tranquility
I saw midday grow green blends right
into the Italian architecture hang on
[Music]
that was the Poland cafe
this happens when you try to steal whole
country right
yeah we probably could use the warm-up
mission
look sir four-point age' Omiya right
here I'm coming to you
[Applause]
[Music]
sorry for yelling
the data to build off the David Nutter
David you want to get out and compare or
should we maybe think about going yeah
this holiday season
stop your adventure in Italy
I love Italy
[Music]
you